A UofT student is in dire need of a delicious, but cheap bubble tea. What will they do, turn to google? But how will 
they know the price of the drink without trekking all the way to the store? Ah-Ha Boba Buddy, of course! This student 
opens the app to be greeted with a View object that acts as the UI of the program. As most students are ,this student 
needs the best deal possible. So they choose the option on the UI to sort by best price of bubble tea. With a tap on the 
screen, the GenericController receives the command from the View object to look for the cheapest bubble tea. It 
delegates this task to FindItemController, which then calls to the findItem usecase class to find all bubble teas and 
their corresponding price in the ItemDb database. The list generated by the findAll method is loaded into the EntityHashmap,
sorted by the Sort usecase, and passed to the presenter to present it to our student looking at the view object. 
Voila $3.15 for a bubble tea. The student now want to know were this bubble tea is being sold. Since the storeID of the 
item is displayed to the user, user can 
initiate a FindStore usecase and find the Store object base on the storeId obtained earlier. All relevant information 
such as location is then displayed to enable the student to start the short walk. After seeing that the price is 
slightly incorrect, the student decides to update the price. This action is sent through view and to our 
GenericController once again, which calls the sub controller responsible for updating price. This time the action is 
then sent to UpdateItem in which the request is fulfilled. This success is then reflected in the database, loaded 
into a presenter and sent to View to assure the user that their update was successful. 

 
The bubble tea was magnificent, and the student feels the store is in reward of a good rating. The student initiates a 
rating action. It is sent from view to the GenericController where the task is delegated to a sub controller for adding 
ratings where a command for a new rating is executed. A RatingPoint is generated, and it links 
the user to the review and the review to the bubble tea shop or the bubble tea itself. 
The success of this review is then reflected into the database, 
sent back to the presenter and then to View for the user to be prompted of success.

